-make sure associations are working
-research google api (fullCalendar)
-make some additional sample data
-create more range examples to test logic for time slot in group_events 


Outside:
-look up some styling ...



KEEPER NOTES
-format for entering datetime is 'YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS' with the T left in to separate the date and time ex :"2018-11-11T23:23:23"

   "id": 2,
    "user_id": 2,
    "begin_time": "Friday, 23 Nov 2018  8:00 PM",
    "end_time": "Saturday, 24 Nov 2018 12:00 PM"

    **** note created validations with begin_time and end_time if you change the column names change this too for user_calendar_openings


11/21/2018
DONE

11/25/2018 TODO Monday -(pushed to tuesday due to power outage)
-find all places where ids can be replaced with current user method. (done for: users, user_interests, user_groups, user_calendar_openings, groups)*** GROUP EVENTS NEEDS WORK

 
-create a way for admin to "invite" users to group. possibly sharing group name or id (id seems like it would cause less issues)? 
  -Have a page for updating user_groups via the user's preference page to add the group associated with each user once they "join" a group. How can I make this authorized only? How can I make this just a tab instead of a whole new page?

-change the way the range of dates is found to demand it be over 30 mins or can be selected for the event you pick. something like:
 elapsed_minutes = ((end_time - begin_time) * 24 * 60).to_i
 then compare that to 30 mins? if less thant 30 then keep going if not break?

 11/28/2018
 
 -event_type from groups is still blank what do i want here?
  -should this match the find_category? should just send through json?
 -group_event_id from groups is still blank what do I want here?
  -possibly for "nice to have" of specific events.

  -do i want the user destroy action to actually destroy users? possibly create another column "status" active or inactive for hiding and showing users?

  -for update action for usergroups what do i really want this to do? 
    -do i want end users to be able to actually move users from one group to another? no. maybe just destroy action to destroy the association of a user between one group.

     

*** creating a group should set the user admin == true... need to actually make this happen


11/28/2018
EVENING 
-Need to create logic limiters however. 


12/5/2018
-create a way for interests to populate when users signup/create. Default the values to 0. Still need logic to limit the values. (not super essential)
-create info for show page for groups
-create edit page for groups.
-create image_url column for groups

-find a theme and install it.
-if i want to use fullcalendar-scheduler I still need to install it. the import commands are commented out in the main.js
-look up some examples.


***nice to have- a way for users to view group member's profiles with the edit button hidden... like if current_user != user.id then... style=hidden for button? 

-add Comment model and controller to back end (nice to have) only require index (group specific, so not a true index), create and delete (lets just keep it simple).
-model should have group_id and user_id as well as comment_text 
groups have many comments
users have many comments
comments belong to user and group.

******

user signup - redirect to group signup or create page or modal pops up.
options:
-if user.email matches any email in the array of emails added to the group by the group admin then create user_group row for this user. Present user with the group ask for confirmation. may need an additional table on backend called invites.. one to one relationship with groups. ask's user for group title or id then checks the invite's row for that group? yes.
if user knows the group id? no.. no.
-if user.email doesn't match any emails stored in array of emails for any groups then
invites table
group_id, email
actions: index (group specific), update and destroy (user.email specific not the whole array)
only available to the group creator? hmm. yes, let's keep it simple.
-possibly add line to group table including a random code generated by creator 6 digits or something to identify group rather than id or name? (nice to have) (because in real world multiple groups may have the same name or a user may not know the id)
